Please act as an impartial judge and evaluate the quality of the response provided by an AI assistant to the user question displayed below. Your evaluation should consider factors such as the helpfulness, relevance, accuracy, depth, creativity, and level of detail of the response. Begin your evaluation by providing a short explanation. Be as objective as possible. After providing your explanation, please rate the response on a scale of 0 to 10 by strictly following this format: '[[rating]]', for example: 'Rating: [[5]]'. You don't need to repeat their questions and answers, just give reviews and ratings.The two questions need to be scored separately
[question1]:
Analyze the following customer reviews from different sources for three different smartphones - the latest iPhone, Samsung Galaxy, and Google Pixel - and provide an overall rating for each phone on a scale of 1 to 10. Consider the following complex and contradictory reviews:
- TechRadar's review of the latest iPhone: The new iPhone is a stunning triumph of engineering that sets a new bar for smartphone performance and camera quality. However, the incremental design and high price mean it lacks the 'wow' factor of previous iPhones. Still, its power and intelligence are unrivaled.
- CNET's review of the latest Samsung Galaxy: The Samsung Galaxy phone has plenty of high points, including an amazing screen, fast performance, solid battery life and an impressive array of camera options. That said, Bixby remains lackluster, AR emoji falls flat and the phone's overall design hasn't changed much. The new Galaxy is an amazing phone overall, but it has a few nagging weaknesses that keep it from achieving true greatness.
- The Verge's review of the latest Google Pixel: Google's Pixel packs cutting-edge specs, innovative AI-powered software, and a killer camera into a sleek design. However, the phone has lackluster battery life, lacks expandable storage, and its performance stutters at times, especially considering its high price tag. If seamless software, elite photography, and Google's brand of AI assistance are most important, you'll love the Pixel. But the overall experience isn't as well-rounded as some competitors. Return the answer as a JSON object with the overall ratings for each phone out of 10, to one decimal place.
[answer1]:
 {
  "iPhone": 9.5,
  "Samsung Galaxy": 9.0,
  "Google Pixel": 8.5
}
[question2]
:Can you change the ratings from numbers to letters? Capital letters MUST be used when writing the names of phones.
[answer2]
: {
  "iPhone": "A",
  "Samsung Galaxy": "A-",
  "Google Pixel": "B+"
}